"Concussion, head and neck pain"
"Concussion, dislocated shoulder, broken rib."
"I have deep tissue damage to my left side, and multiple bruises over my body. My lower back also went out."
I had extensive bruising and scrapes on my left side (where it impacted the car) and a broken shoulder (broken clavicle and three broken ribs); bruises and abrasions on my legs and back; broken helmet and bruised temple.
"Deeply bruised (""contusion"" on ER report) arm muscle (near right shoulder); scraped left elbow"
"Traumatic brain injury (concussion and bleeding on brain). If I had not been wearing a helmet my injuries would be much more severe. Neurologists cleared me as ""cured"" after three days in hospital b/c of improved CT scans and results of cognitive testing. Right elbow is fractured in two (actually three) places and I am in a finger-to-shoulder splint for 6 weeks; will need extensive physical therapy afterward. Ambulance took me to trauma center at PG Hospital Center where I spent a day in emergency room, a day in ICU, and a day in the regular hospital. I was released on 12/31/14."
"bruises, lacerations, abrasions, general bodily trauma"
None
"Bruises, contusions, concussion, tinnitus (continues to present)"
see above
Minor bruising

"Road rash on both legs, both elbows."
"At the ER they did a quick assessment that as I had not head or neck pain, and could move all limbs that I did not need to be on a back board. Took me to CT for head (because of the traume/helmet damage) and facial bones (for swelling) When I came back my cubicle was occupied, so I was held in the hall until the CThead was readokay. Then taken to a separate area to clean the head/face and suture. PA did it24 sutures for multiple cuts on nose and chin. Then facial CT results noted a broken nose, with no intervetnion needed at the time as I could breathe without problems, but needed to follow up with ENT. Discharged to home after that."
None
"A couple sinus fractures, a concussion, scrapes and bruises, and a large hematoma."
One of the members of our group sustanined a broken hip requiring surgery and is still in the hospital
"Severely bruised right shoulder, large hematoma on my left glute, a skinned left knee and shin bruise. The bike sustained only a bent handle bar and brake hood, which I fixed easily with an allen wrench."
"concussion, fractured hip, multiple wrist & shoulder damage (wrist op) headaches etc"
I got an abrasion on my forearm where the mirror hit me.
"At the scene, lacerations were visible. Additional injuries are probable. Bicyclist appeared to have movement in his limbs."
none
Back injury due to impact.
"2 broken ribs, laceration in left elbow (3 stitches to close) bruised swollen right leg"
None.
"Not any visual injuries but my right thumb was in pain, my left arm, scrape/bruise on my right behind forearm, scratch on my right knee, scratch scrape on my right inside ankle, pain in my tailbone, pain in the area right of my stomach, pain in my right leg near groin area up and down and parts of inner thigh and pain on my left wrist, pain around my right bottom of ribs and left side"
none
"Three broken ribs. Partially collasped lung. Contusions on both knee, left elbow and left hip"
Bruises and scratches
none noticed physically. the mental injuries do exist from these minor crashes. very scary.

Injured my shoulders/arms; muscle damage.
Bruises on legs and arm. Very minor
I landed on my tailbone and my back feels stiff.
bruises and strains
"I sustained facial lacerations, a Traumatic Brain Injury with subdural hematoma and post-traumatic amnesia, a cerebrospinal fluid leak, renal failure, a shoulder fracture, rib fracture, and other lacerations and abrasions. I was in the hospital for two weeks, one of those weeks was in the ICU."
"Back, neck, and hip pain"
"bruises, road rash, and a laceration requiring 4 stitches. 2"" road rash on ankle, 4"" on hip, and 4"" laceration on forearm. Cycled to Kaiser Permanente Urgent Care on 2nd St NW, by Union Station."
"I sustained bruises to my left hip,; cuts, scrapes, and bruises to my left elbow, and a broken mirror. To add insult to injury, I had bought eggs at the farmers market and was taking them home in my panniers and several of them broke as well."
Contusion on right side of neck where door hit me (swelling and pain) possible sprained left pinky finger.
none
None.
"No major injuries, just scrapes and bruises."
"Scraped left knee, chain cuts on back of right leg, scraped left palm."
bruised ankle and hib
"huge bruise on left side, where frame / handlebar and car smashed my leg back a bit wonky for a while after shaken up and angry that he didn't stop then dealing with ambulance who could not tell me where I would be taken in a SE DC area of Capital Hill, so I declined and signed off, called family and got a car ride out."
broken finger
"Bruise on left knee, bruise on left side of right knee, soreness on lower inside of right leg/ankle, bruised left iliotibial band, and strained left shoulder. Bruises caused weakness in left leg. I went to the doctor yesterday (2 days after the accident). I will seek compensation for my doctor's visit that I had for the purpose of making sure I wasn't more seriously injured and for the x-rays, but I don't know exactly how to go about doing this. I do not want to take the driver to court."
"I have a broken right arm (humerus bone), a concussion, multiple abrasions on my face, and broken sinus bone. I was brought to Washington Hospital Center, where they did an MRI and 3 CAT scans. Was in ICU for 2 days, and 2 days in Trauma."
"Bruised foot, bruised (possibly broken) ribs"
None.
"Victim was face down on the pavement bleeding, still breathing, taken away in an ambulance."
Minor bruises and a contusion on my left foot where it impacted the vehicle. I was extremely fortunate; my steel bike took the brunt of the impact.
"Paramedics took me (on a stretcher and in an immobilizing neck collar) to Howard University Hospital, where I was given a full examination and x-rays. It was determined that I had no serious injuries, and I was released from the hospital about two hours after I arrived. They gave me a prescription for ibuprofen. I have bruises on my butt, and a small bruise on my right elbow, and my left shoulder is stiff; other than those, I feel ok."


I was not injured. My front wheel came out of true. An I damaged my fork.
"Bruised left hip and shoulder. lacerations on left shoulder. Concussion,"
"Bad chin scrape, very heavy bruising to thighs. Documented with pictures and my primary care physician Monday morning."
Bruised left elbow; black-and-blue left pinkie fingernail.
"After going to a Medstar PromptCare facility x rays were take. I have bruised ribs on my right side, a scrape and bruising on right shoulder and pectoral. a scrape on left knee and bruising around it, bruising and swelling on right index finger with a possible fracture."
Banged up and bruised on side that hit truck. Other side of body sore from stress of controlling bike.
Brusing to my left shin
Scrapes and bruises on left side of body
Left knee abrasion and contusion Left ankle abrasion and contusion left leg abrasion and contusion
"The door cut through my boot, my heavy sock and then my foot. I was examined and treated at Sibley Hospital with a foot laceration measuring 6cm in length. The door cut through skin and tissue but missed the tendons. I was treated with nine stitches, a tetanus shot and course of antibiotics."
Likely I was able to avoid the crash and did not fall
broken arm numerous bruises
"Skinned knee, treated with a bandage. Sore shoulder, treated so far with ibuprofen."
none
Sprained wrist
Scrapes and bruises.
"Scrapes, bruises, swollen sprained ankle, sprained elbow, exhaustion. Bike needs work done on it."

"The cyclist appeared to have injuries on her right side, particularly on her right shoulder. She had some cuts on her right knee, and she felt enough pain that she had to lean to her left while sitting on the ground."
I have a sprained shoulder and a rib contusion. I will be going to the doctor next week to see if I had any rotater cup issues.
"The cyclist was transported in an Ambulance. The news reported her injury as ""Code 1"" - life threatening."
"I thought I was ok and went onto work. Even though my bike was pretty messed up and I smashed my helmet in the rear I thought everything was a-ok. While at work I felt the symptoms of a concussion. I went home and then to the ER. I was diagnosed with a concussion, bruised tailbone and also some scrapes and cuts. I've been off work for the past 2 days for the concussion. Also, I was wearing a helmet which will be replaced...ugh. I also have some whiplash in the front of my neck from hitting the ground. Just embarrassing since I tried to go to work thinking everything was fine until I kept falling asleep and lots of nausea. I wish I called the cops, even though, at least from friends, I know it would do little with a hit-and-run :( Just wanted you all to be able to have the data for the incident...crazy how you feel right after getting hit...wish I did more to get this guy off the streets."
"I suffered extremely painful compound fractures to both bones in my left forearm (ulna and radius). Orthopedic surgery was performed, and I was kept in the hospital for a total of three days (two nights)."
"My helmet wasn't fastened correctly, and it came off after the initial impact. From the secondary impact, I had a cut over my eye (2 stitches). I also landed with my arm under my chest which bruised my ribs."
Minor scratches to my left leg. No bloody wounds.
none
"skin scraped completely off part of my right palm. Lots of bruises on my legs, back, and arms. Scrapes on my elbow."
"Road rash to the left side of the rider. Left hand sutured back together after road debris and broken watch were removed. Tyre width of rider's fingers, hand on both sides, wrist, and forearm were skinned on the tarmac by the pressure of the tire stopping on top of riders left arm. X-rays have shown multiple bones broken in cyclist left hand and damage to tendons."
"Road rash, on knees elbows and hand bruises on hand and buttocks muscular strain on arms legs buttocks hands neck back shoulders abdomen Wrist might be possibly fractured so was given a splint by doctor Painful to sit/stand, get out of bed, walk, climb stairs, feed myself"
Dislocated and broken elbow. Scratches and bruises.
The cyclist was seriously injured. He was breathing but unconscious. Was taken away in an ambulance.
"Multiple contusions/abrasians/bruises and sprains, black eye"
Bruised/ scraped left palm

Bruised left ribs and left shoulder. Bruised buttocks and scraped left elbow.
Medical opinion several weeks later is that it is likely that the fall was responsible for a return of severe sciatica (which had been dormant for many months). I am also in therapy for psychological trauma..
Broken clavicle
Suspected cracked rib and grazes
"Initially I felt OK because of the rush of adrenaline but after it wore off my upper back had pain and later on as I was walking to the hospital I felt pain in my left leg shin and quad area. I found a scrape on my left shin. After walking to and being checked out at the Urgent Care at Kaiser Medical Center, I found additional pain in my left shoulder and wrist, although they just felt sore with now."
Broiken Collar bone
"Broken wrist, mangled fingers, scraped up."
My right knee took the brunt of the damage becuase it was what connected with the car. I it is still painful as of a week later and there is pretty nasty bruising. I also had some pain in my wrists on my chest and on my left knee.
"head, neck, back, shoulder, hip and knee"
Bruise on elbow
none
"Lower back is bothering me and my wrist is currently in a brace - no broken bones, but lots of pain developed as the day went on from the trauma."
None
"None, thankfully"
"abrasions and contusions and a hematoma in right calf I am not answering 2 questions below as the compensation factor is still in progress (driver's insurance has taken responsibility but is waiting for my doctor visits and physical therapy to end before we ""settle up"") and I do not mind if someone from WABA contacts me regarding the crash, but I do not require it either (hence neither Yes nor No accurately reflects my stance). I do not want to sue the driver but I have considered talking to a personal injury attorney to make sure my own rights are protected during the insurance settlement process so I'd be happy to take a referral from WABA. Thanks!"
"Road rash, puncture wound in calf, bruises. Nothing serious. Helmet saved my head."
None
"My left ankle received a laceration, sprain, and swelled immediately. My left knee hurt. My right little finger was bruised. My right elbow and back were scraped. My left shoulder, right side of my back, and neck are sore."
"Road rash on left arm, bruise on hip. Minor injuries, so no medical care required."
"Sprained AC Joint (shoulder), contusions to hip, shoulder, and knee"
"I recall flying off the bike, then lying on my back but nothing in between. My knees were bloody so I must have scraped them but hit hard on my back and head (helmet). I was too stunned to rise for several minutes, then dizzie for a half hour or so. As I was falling, I expect my right own must have whipped out and slammed the asphalt. It is badly sprained, and I still have muscule pain (I think) radiating from my wrist to may spine."
"Road rash on legs, hip and shoulder. Bad bruising on right side of body. Very sore back, chest and ribs."
"Cuts,scrapes, bruises, & a sore foot /ankle. My helmet was shattered. Tramatized yes, but no serious injuries. I was taken to INOVA emergency. CT Scan negative for concussion. missed 2 days work. $269.10 medical bills, $588.75 bike repairs, 42.00 helmet, 36.74 lights. TOTAL bills: $936.59, plus 2 days work missed. I have not received a penny. PETER BASKIN was the lawyer I retained. HE has not HELPED ME at ALL. No response from the Metro Bus. The auto driver, an 80yr old retired VET, apparently not cited at the scene. he admitted trying to run a ""yellow"" light. USAA the drivers insurance company, has flatly denied any attempt I have made for claims. PLEASE HELP. Kenny Lowe"
"No injuries, front tire was knocked off its truing."
"Multiple contusions Abrasions of multiple sites Sprain of left knee Elevated blood pressure reading Abnormal CT scan Two days after the crash my worst symptoms are severe muscle stiffness and cramping in my neck, abdomen, groin, and legs, plus multiple bruises. My left knee is still tender. Also the joint where my right thumb meets the hand is swollen and bruised, with restricted motion. Both joints were x-rayed and no fractures were found. I have a large bruise across my eyebrows where my helmet took the impact (yes I always wear one). The medical report was submitted to both insurance companies. I am scheduling follow-up care, and I won't know what compensation I receive until we go to court."
"Cyclist sustained small abrasion on left forearm and bruising/swelling on knuckle of index finger on left hand. EMT staff took cyclists vitals (BP 140/73), offered an ice pack for the cyclist's hand/forearm, and told cyclist that he had the option of being transported to the hospital for further evaluation. Cyclist asked for EMT staff's professional opinion on the matter, and was deferred to EMT staff's original statement that I had the option of being transported to a hospital for further evaluation. Cyclist stated that the injury sustained did not appear to be severe and declined further immediate medical attention."
None
"5 Stitches on my left hand, Severe bruising on my right shin, left thigh, right thigh, muscle aches and slight headache."
None
Right arm broken in two places
"Very minor. Scraped my knuckles, my forearms are a little sore."
None.
"I hit my head but had my helmet on. I feel a slight headache and whiplash and my wrist hurts, along with some minor scrapes."
"I broke my right femur near the hip joint, and my left thumb. I also bruised my ribs on the right side. I had almost no road rash."
None

None. Just shaken up.
none.
"Bruise and scrapes to right hand and knee. Have not received compensation yet, but driver's insurance company says they will compensate."
Minor bruising. Very lucky. Was cycling a low speed so able to anticipate impact...
The cyclist hit my husband on the side of his head and staggered him. My husband now has neck pain as a result.
"My right knee was injured as well as a cut on the left elbow. I went to the urgent care facility and they determined it was a case of bursitis in the knee and it would go away over time, which is has."
None
none
none
Left radius fracture requiring surgery to repair. Numerous scrapes and bruises.
"Left thigh contusion with lateral swelling , stiffness, and soreness entire length of thigh. Medial right leg contusion."
"None apparent at this time, one hour after the incident."
"a bit of road rash, soreness in knee, nothing permanent, cleared up after a few weeks."
"Welt on chin, bruising and scrapes on rear end"
"Scraped elbow, bruised hip, blister on finger."
"Split lower lip, busing, jammed fingers, multi-abrasions"
"Many, many bruises and scrapes on my left arm, left and right legs, right hip, sacrum, right arm and elbow. Nothing broken or dislocated and no concussion. Neck soreness set in badly about 36 hours post-crash. Don't recall hitting my head and no concussion symptoms."
"Cut wrist, bruises to my left leg and hip and a pulled shoulder."
sprained left shoulder after dislocation
"Due to the accident, I fractured vertebrae C2, C3 and C5."
"Very painful bruises, scrapes, and swelling on the right-side of the body, which hit the pavement first."
"See above, but bad bruising, numb fingers, disorientation, abrasions"
"None b me but Evan suffered contusions, abrasions and sprains."
"Three broken metacarpals in my left hand, requiring surgery and 11 pins."
Lacerations and swelling to left hand.
"multiple bruises on legs, particularly bad on my left knee. Additional bruises and scrapes on hands and left hip."
Ambulance responded. Jane doe was immobile on the pavement. She complained of severe pain in left leg.
None
"none, bike was slightly damaged"
"stich on right leg, large cut/wound, another road rash on knee, and left shoulder. bruises on arm, legs and tender spot on head."
Injuries:  Slight headache from hitting the ground and/or taxi  Minor contusions on the right back  Abrasion and swelling on front of left ankle  Minor abrasions on outside of right ankle and on left knee Bruising appeared around both knees several days later.
"I chipped two of my front teeth. I also cut my nose and face and suffered contusions to my face, neck, and collar bone. I scratched my wrist and back."
none
Abrasions elbows and right knee. Swollen right foot. Not sure of the extent of the damages to knee in the long run though nothing was broken and I am in great shape I believe just sore
"Concussion, separated right shoulder, three broken ribs on right side, numerous scrapes and bruises."
Fractured clavicle. Surgery to repair damage is necessary.
"My left hand knuckles were cut, and my right arm was badly scraped lengthwise on both the shoulder and forearm. My right hip suffered a contusion/hematoma."
Sore knee. Whiplash.
Bruised collarbone

INJURIES TEST
None
I sustained a bruised right calf and a bruised right inner thigh
scrapes and bruises
fracture of C7 (transverse process); 5th degree AC shoulder joint separation (later operated on); head bruising (helmet cracked); left hand laceration requiring stitches; skin abrasions; and a few leg bruises
"lacerations - arms, knees, face, knuckles, shoulders deep lacerations requiring stitches - upper lip exterior, upper lip interior, lower lip interior mild concussion"
"Giant welt on my left shoulder and deep bruise, sore shoulder."
Sore knee and shoulder.
Large contusion on right hip and whiplash.
Large bruise on left thigh and hip (from taxi door)
"Stage 2 separated AC joint (shoulder), bruised elbow, and road rash on my right-lower back."
"I had a scrape on my right knee, a bruise on my right arm, and bruised ribs on my left side."
"Bruised hip, shoulder and elbow. Whiplash. Going to doctor this evening to determine if there are any further injuries."
"Helmet cracked, some trauma Contusions and abrasions on my right forearm and my pelvis Bruises on my thighs, left and right"
I broke and dislocated my right shoulder.
"Bruises/scrapes on legs, nothing broken."
"cut to right thumb glass and asphalt embedded in left palm whiplash to the left side of my neck deep bruises on both inner thighs bone bruises to my right shin and left elbow deep cut to my left elbow scratches to left side of my chin, embedded glass deep bruise to left cheek bone (fortunately, not visible) bruises to both knees concussion trauma to my left shoulder - not sure how to describe it, but loss of range of motion, soreness, bruising from impact"
Bruises and scrapes all over.
I have a sore left thumb but declined ambulance. I may seek medical attention tomorrow.
"bad ruises to my right cheek, righteblow, right wrist, right shoulder, and right groin. smaller bruises on my left calf."
"Separated right shoulder, dislocated finger on right hand, scratches on both legs, bruising on right side."
None
Bruises to knees shoulders and hip. Road rash on shoulder and knee.
Road rash on forearm and hip.

"I got road rash on my shoulder and on my knee. But the worst thing is that somehow I wrenched my hip/pelvis or hit it on the seat or top tube. I had nerve tingling in my right groin area and pain at my right ""sit bone."" It was painful to walk and I still have pain in this area today."
Road rash on knee and elbow.
My right knee was bruised and scraped some from hitting the asphalt. The bottom right of my right palm was bruised from impact. Otherwise I could discern any noticable injury.
None.
" Large swollen contusion on right calf with significant bruising.  Open wound on left elbow that was bleeding significantly.  Bruised right ribs  Major bruising on left hamstring  Major bruise on upper right buttock.  Road rash out outer right forearm  Bruising on left forearm.  Road rash on left upper back with open wound.  Road rash on right shoulder with open wound.  While I dont remember whether I hit my head or not, the helmet has road abrasion marks in the area above my right temple."
"Nothing terrible--a contusion of my left shoulder and lacerations on my back. I was, however, taken to GWU hospital to get checked out because my neck felt stiff and my helmet was split up the back. My bike has as yet undetermined component damage, but certainly I will need a new front wheel and helmet. I'm not yet sure about the integrity of the frame."
"Sprained knee, bruised all over and a lot of scratches. Her insurance is covering injuries, time off work and replacing my bicycle (which was totaled)."

none
"The car struck the back/right side of my bike at about 20mph, causing me to be thrown to the ground. I hit the pavement face first and received the following injuries: Chipped tooth, abrasions on nose and chin, dislocated jaw, bruised left side (hand, arm, leg), and broken heel bone."
"Bruises on my right shin, thigh and buttom"
None
Just bruises and a tweaked handlebars. No serious injury to person or bike.
"I am a bit stiff, (neck and leg on the side I was hit), but sustained no visible or serious injuries."
None
Blunt trauma and puncture wounds to right leg; abrasions. Abrasion to left knee. Treated in GWU ER.
None
"Abrasions (road rash) on left elbow and knee, as well as bruising. Impact to left shoulder, resulting in extreme soreness next day. Cut to left eyelid, requiring 7 stitches."
Both elbows road rash and bruises Tailbone blue and v sore
"Scrapes to my hands where I fell, and a small cut and large bruise on my stomach when I fell over my handlebars."
Minor elbow scrape
"I have scrapes on both legs, my knee is still sore. I hit my head, but don't think I've had any long-term effects (I didn't black out)."
Face injuries and upper legs strongly bruised
"Damaged bike rendering it inoperable, folded the front wheel, cracked helmet and skinned elbows, back, knees. Sharrows violations are very common on Walter Reed between Columbia Pike and King Street (in both directions). My only plea here is to either enforce the areas that are marked for bicycle use or just remove the signage altogether."
"Slight road rash left shoulder underneath shirt, deep road rash left arm starting near the elbow. Fire Dept Paramedics cleaned the arm womb with Saline Solution and bandaged it."
"I was in a daze and didn't realize my left elbow, shoulder and knee were bleeding and that I had a large bruise on my left hip. After he left the scene I dusted myself off, straightened my handlebars out and road on to Gallery Place where my office is. Ironically I had a physical therapy appointment and as I cleaned myself up for that I noticed that I was bleeding and that my rain jacket, shirt and pants were all torn. I missed my appointment but rescheduled for later that day which by then I had a lot of shoulder and hip pain. My physical therapist checked me out and suggested I go to the doctor if I have any signs of a concussion, as my helmet was also crunched on the left side which no doubt saved me from more serious injuries. It's now four days later and my shoulder and hip are still sore but no other symptoms."
none
"Bruised ribs on the right side, multiple contusions on my right side and left leg."
"cuts and bruises to both legs, bruises to forearms and neck and back strain."
"Cuts, bruises, road rash. Possible hairline fracture in my knee that was x-rayed at the emergency room following the accident."
serverly strained ankle
None
It didn't look like anyone was hurt.
"Serious and deep scrapes on the leg and arm that tore off my skin. It could have been much worse, though."
"Bruised left buttock, scraped left calf."
Somehow I avoided having a heart attack! The drivers of the stopped cars had faces of horror seeing what happened.
"Road rash on hands, knees, elbows and back. Sore knees"
"Abrasions on my elbow, hip, and palm; bruise on my knee."
None. I was able to get control of my bike before falling.
Scraped/ bruised knee and bruised hand. Mainly just emotional trauma!
"mild soreness in hip, etc."
Scrapes on legs and arms. No major injurys
None
"Severely bruised leg, lacerations to right forearm (15 stitches)."
"Abrasions to both elbows, right inner thigh, behind left knee"
"My tailbone was bruised, and I temporarily experienced numbness in two fingers on my left hand. That evening I had whiplash in my neck and couldn't lift my head off my pillow without using my hands to support my head."
"Separated Shoulder, bruised knee, strained both thumbs"
"My injuries were fortunately minor: a bruised nail, scratches on my left lower arm and left shoulder, and some trauma to the neck. I was checked out in the ER and x-rays were taken. No broken bones or fractures found."
"A little bit if a bruised ankle and a small cut, nothing serious"
Bruises and cuts to joints.
"I had a black eye (racoon eye), concussion - three weeks later I am still suffering from concussion symptoms and unable to return to work. My right leg had a large hemotoma and the left knee was swollen and there was fluid in the knee with stiffness and difficulty moving it. My neck was stiff and painful for days after the accident. I am awaiting the result from tests to see if I have an orbital fracture and the extent of the concussion damages under care of a neurologist."
None
"Gash to my left shin, which was treated at Sibley hospital emergency room."
Ligament damage to left shoulder. Might need MRI to determine if surgery is necessary.
"Broken wrist, severe knee cut."
"About 4 hours after the crash, my lip had still not stopped bleeding so I then went to the emergency room and ended up getting 3 stitches. The next day (today) I have a large and very painful bruise on my right arm, most likely from where the door opened and hit me as I biked by. I also remember getting up many feet, about 4 or 5, in front of the van that hit me and flying over my handlebars, another indication that the door opened as I biked past and was not already open. Other injuries include a few small scrapes on my chin, sore and swollen cheeks and jawline, bruised left ankle and left thigh, and very sore and stiff back of my neck."
"5""x1"" road rash on the right forearm. Quarter-sized road rash on right ankle. Bruising on the hip and hands. Handlebars were bent, pannier was torn."
"Bruises/abrasions/swelling. Both knees and legs, left shoulder, right side/ribs, right hand, left jaw and chin, and hit head (wearing helmet). Xrays to L knee and jaw were normal. Dr. said will wait 2 weeks to see if knee heals on its own if not do MRI."
None
"Separated Left Shoulder, Torn Left Shoulder Labrum, Bruised Left hip, road rash/abbrasion right elbow, Bruised Left knee, Hematoma Left Calf, Bruised Right shin. Disbelief the police officer gave me fault."
leg injuries and bruises.
none
None
"Mulitple abrasions on my arms, bleeding. Also smacked my butt really hard on the pavement and find it painful to walk, but I got an xray today, and there is nothing broken. No other apparent injuries."

"Contusion on left foot. 3 minor scrapes. It's actually a miracle that no bones were broken or worse. My Uvex helmet was a lifesaver for sure, in fact I wasn't aware I had hit the car windshield until I saw it after. Also my commuter back back cushioned my landing on the street since I landed on back down."
"No head injuries. Cuts and bruises on right hand, right upper arm, from center of chest out to right armpit. Bruising on both knees. Some abrasions and more bruising and pain in right knee. Tenderness along lower ribcage. Knee was X-rayed and deemed not broken. No stitches needed."
None as of yet - possible bruising
"I sustained a few abrasions and cracked ribs, and possibly, a broken one."
"All in all, could have been much worse - just badly gouged and bruised knee and skinned/sore elbow."
Just a couple of bruises from the fall.
"Bruising, cuts on ankle from bike pedals"
"Very minor bruising and scraping, sore shoulder"
Mild bruising and soreness on my left shoulder.
None
6 broken ribs broken right clavicle 26 stitches in right knee
Bruised elbow and hip; Bruised thigh; Neck and back pain (whiplash?)
Tibia/fibula fracture in left leg Chipping of thump and carpal bones of right hand Concussion Contusion and bruising
None
Deep road rash and concussion

"Road rash on face and head. Abrasions on right shoulder, back, and ankle. Concussion."
Broken collarbone in two places.
"Back, shoulder and arm"
"extremely bruised, nothing broken"
"sprained wrist, contusions on wrist, right arm. scrapes on knee."
"Sprained wrist, road rash, bruising, strained neck and back."
Large bruises in several places on both legs and rear
"Sprained knee right, bruised knee (right), cut on left medial calf, bruise on right shoulder. I was wearing a helmet, so I had no head injuries :)"
None
none
"Shoulder and neck pain, bruises and scratches"
"Broken wrist, right side Pulled muscles on left side Other scrapes, bruises Neck pain Thumb pain"
Bruise and scrape to left wrist Significant bruising on right thigh Bloodied right knee Small scrape on right hand
"Bruising, minor cuts, stiffness/soreness."
"Double compound fracture of left leg, broken hand, three broken teeth, fractured and separated pelvis, puncture wounds to buttocks, road rash, damaged nerves in left leg. 10 days in hospital, 10 days in rehab facility, on going rehab."
"hurt hip-scrape/bruise, ripped elbow of jacket"
none
a

"Sore muscles, particularly in my lower back"
None.
Minor bruise on my leg.
none
"Separated shoulder, bad road rash/scrapes to face, left knee and both hands."
"see above. regarding compensation, my claim is in progress."
There is a large bruise on my leg and the middle finger on my right hand was cut.
"As for right now, I have a dislocated shoulder (right) and some pain in my right wrist."
Extensive bruises on left arm and both sides of both knees. Small bruise over clavicle.
None
"minimally wounded by the impact with the ground, and the walls of the truck"
Minor cut on back left leg from bike as I tried to steady myself after getting hit.
"I have a hairline fracture in my ribs, injury to my hip (doctor says nothing appears to be broken but scheduling MRI), muscle bruising along my lower back, and bruising on my knees/legs."
"I had severe straddle injury (trauma to the vulva/reproductive area). Spent two nights in the hospital (one night in the ICU) and missed a full week of work. For the question below regarding compensation - the driver provided me with her insurance info and I reported a claim to them. I'm hoping to receive compensation for the hospital bills (via her insurance) and to fix my bike, which is no longer functioning"
None
"Concussion; scrapes on shoulder, arm, and leg. I have follow-up neurology tests next week."
"Chipped tooth, bruising, small scrape, jaw and neck pains"
"Stitches, concussion, badly sprained wrist, bruises, and contusions."
Na
"scraped and bumped knees, hands, elbows, some road rash on forearms and back."
Road rash on left elbow and left knee. Bike wheel needs to be trued up.
Bruises on all four limbs and I am presently having pains..on bed rest.
"Bruising, neck and back pain, and hyper-extended shoulder from catching myself."
Badly injured my right knee where I landed on the pavement. Road rash on my left elbow. Strained pinky finger. Dislocated left shoulder.
None.
I landed on my back and might have broken my tail-bone. The Dr. decided that it wasn't worth it to X-Ray because there was nothing that they could do about it anyway.
"21 stitches on chin and lip, 8 stitches on ear, contusion on top of shoulder with limited range of motion."
Small scrape on right elbow.
"right arm, hip and right hand skin loss."
"Several facial lacerations, one requiring seven stitches; a severely bruised wrist and several other bruises on my hands and legs; multiple nasal bone fractures and a broken septum."
"I scraped my left ankle, calf, knee, thigh, and buttocks. The worst injured area is my upper thing. I also banged and scraped my left shoulder while falling."
"Scrape on my cheekbone, 2.5in wide and 1in wide. Shallow enough that the scar is no longer visible. Small scrape and large bruises on my legs."
"No serious injuries, only minor ones. Cuts on shin, scrapes and bruises, road rash on elbow."
None.
"The car's bumper hit my left lower leg, compressing it between the car's bumper and the frame of my bicycle, causing severe bruising and swelling."
"As accident happened today, I am still assessing the state of injuries. Currently, I only need to ice my left ankle which bore the brunt of the weight shift from getting hit on the right."
"I suffered a deep laceration and sever abrasions on my left forearm, and severe abrasions to my left shin, left shoulder and left hip. The laceration required stitches. In addition I suffered minor cuts and abrasions to both hands and my right arm."
Non
"Road rash: right knee. left knee, both sides. both hands: left hand-across all knuckles; right hand-last two knuckles. right elbow. broken left clavicle. large bruise to my left side/hip. slight marking on my scalp under the area where my helmet made contact with the street."
"Feet, hands and knees injured from either hitting the car or the pavement. Not sure yet the seriousness of the knee injury (I'm walking around, but am going to have an x-ray to check that nothing serious has happened)."
Left shin bloody and bruised and cannot put weight on left leg
"Mostly friction burns on legs and left arm from the fall. Also, swelling of the cheekbone and a lump behind my right ear from the assault. The police staff responded wonderfully. I just wanted to file this so WABA can alert riders on the Met Branch. Follow up from WABA not necessary from my side, but happy to discuss if it may help trail users. One officer, who rides, said there had been many bike thefts recently in that area--not just on the Trail."
None. Sore wrist and foot.
My left arm is a little sore now but that's about it. My left elbow is a little scratched but the skin wasn't broken.
Unknown.
Bruises on my legs from the van and the pavement. Broken wrist and jammed fingers on my left hand
"severe trauma to the sacrum, coccyx and hip joints which leads to pain in these areas as well as the lumbar spine. I am currently in physical therapy for these injuries. Bruised Tibia and Fibula Bruised right Hand and shoulder My helmet was broken during the crash but no signs of head injury. Regarding compensation question below- I have been in contact with the driver's insurance and they have said that they are taking responsibility for all my medical expenses but we have not settled the claim because of the ongoing nature of my injuries."
Road burn to my right thigh. Sore shoulders/hips.
"Soreness in wrist, shoulder, and outer left leg."
None
None to my son that I know of right now. There may be some soreness or other injuries after the adrenaline wears off.
"My left knee hit the ground hard. It has some swelling and bleeding, but doesn't feel too bad right now. I walked by damaged bicycle home from the crash site (about 12 blocks). My left index finger was scraped a bit where not protected by my summer bicycle gloves"
The cyclist who was hit had some pain in his wrist. An ambulance and fire truck came; I left for work before seeing if the victim agreed to or refused medical treatment.
"Minor neck pain, bruised shoulder"
"Bruised chin, elbow, wrist. Sore neck, headache, light headed."
None
broken neck and current nerve damages
"I had three visits to Urgent Care (1803 Biltmore St NW, Washington, DC 20009) for an x-ray, bandages, concussion, whiplash, hematoma, and physical therapy. I missed several days of work. I had substantive bruising and wounds on both arms and legs, and suffered from the effects of my concussion for several weeks. The whiplash left me bedridden for a few days after the crash."
"Broken hand, various abrasions"
"Left knee scrape, bruised legs and fractured metatarsal."
None
"A broken left wrist. I fractured both my radius and my ulna, and tore ligaments. I got surgery on the wrist, during which a titanium plate with nine screws was attached to my radius to fix the fracture, and a pin was drilled into the distal fracture on my ulna to reattach ligament. I have a cast because above my elbow because of the ligament damage for two months and cannot do full weight-bearing for four months. As you can imagine that is a big deal for a self-employed yoga instructor!"
None
"None. In good, dry weather conditions I was able to stop before I was crushed."
None.
"Mild concussion, lots of bruising and scrapes but nothing broken (spent about 4 hrs at GW ER)"
"large bruise on the knuckle of my hand where it impacted the car, and also a bruised left shoulder where it hit the car."

Knee injury and minor concussion
"The two cyclists who stopped to assist indicated that I lost consciousness but I do not think I hit my head. An ambulance was called and the EMTs checked me out but released me. No major injuries, just scrapes and bruises on my arms and legs."
"On the previous question - I dont think I was cited, b/c he didnt say I was. I didnt think to ask. He said that there were varying accounts of who has the right of way. I am really sore and feel banged up. Neck is sore. I have pain on right side from calf up to my hip and including my right side of ribs. Nothing broken. Just sore."
Greater Tuberosity Fractures on left Humerus. Road rash and bruising.
Sprained wrist.
"Fractured tibia, dislocated ankle, lacerations. Surgery at gwh"
"I fell off of the left side of my bike, which caused bruising on my left ankle, left hand, and right knee. I"
"""a couple cracked ribs"" in the words of attending physician who released me about 2:00 p.m. also knocked unconscious at the scene, woke up in ambulance"
"Sprained left wrist. Medium level scrapes to my right shoulder, right side, right foot, left calf, left thigh."
None.
"Broke my left elbow and right wrist, eventually needing surgery."
A few bruises on my legs. Sore shoulder and neck.
Large bruises to both legs and right arm.
"Haven't seen a doctor yet, but my right shoulder muscle must have been pulled as my bike was pushed out from under me and I held onto the handlebars. Right shoulder is sore. Otherwise, *very* fortunately and seem to be OK."
None
Chipped upper front tooth and sore lower front tooth from elbow of other cyclist hitting my mouth as they fell.
"Scrapes and brusies. Slight headache the rest of the day, but I was wearing my helmet--no major damage."
Fractured right clavicle
Bruising to hands and left shin
None that I am currently aware of.
None
None.
"Broken collarbone, broken rib, punctured lung."
"Bruised knee. Broken pinkie finger, needs surgery"
"Road rash on left shoulder. Road rash, cuts, bruises on left elbow, knee, quad; sore abs for three-four days."
None.
"Road rash to arms, hip and back contusions"
"big bump on the head (even with a helmet), skinned hand and leg."
"Head, neck, back, and left leg."
The biker had no injuries.
Minor -- spained right index finger
"Soreness in my left knee and ankle, but no serious injuries noted."
None
Left leg contusion
"I tore off some skin on my right elbow, jammed my ring finger on my left hand, got a major bruise on my left hip, and got a large scratch on my inside thigh on my right leg. The passenger and the Lyft driver both stayed at the scene and helped me as I recuperated. I said that calling 911 wasn't necessary as I assumed my injuries weren't that severe. Moderate damage to my bike, as my front wheel is completely bent so that it can no longer spin."
Severely bruised tailbone area
Contused left knee. Scratched left wrist and right thigh

scrapes and bruises on my shins.
My foot hurts and is discolored in one place. I am able to walk and do not believe it is broken.
na
I have multiple lacerations on my right leg that was pressed into my gears. I also hit my head on the street but was able to walk it off because I had a helmet.
Bruise on my leg but otherwise fine. My tire was replaced which cost $110.
Dont know. Did not see the cyclist just the bike and vehicle
"Bruising on the knees and right shin. Serious road rash/ bleeding on the right elbow, neck pain, pain in right wrist, pain in hips/ pelvis, and general soreness."
4 broken ribs Broken left clavicle
"Abrasions to the knee, shoulder, and back."
"Deep bruising, a few minor cuts and scrapes, a sprained thumb and a grade 2 concussion."
Minor shock. Bruises to the left side of my neck and left shoulder. Bruised left knee. Scraped right knee. Misc other minor bruises.
"Once I realized I could walk and did not seem to have twisted my anlle or broken my leg (I was in pain and I didn't get up until the ambulance arrived, because I was worried, due to adrenaline, the injury was even worse than it felt), I declined to be taken to the ER, and hobbled to REI with my bike to drop it off for fixing, and my friend drove over to pick me up. I had a very bruised shin, but I was able to walk normally by the next day. I had a very specific tender spot on my shin that continued to hurt long after when pressed however."
None
Bruises
major soreness.
Bruising to my elbow and lower back.
HUGE bruises. Possible dislodging of an IUD.
Broken left toe. Contusions to both left wrist and right leg.
None.
"Scratches on left leg, brusie on right thigh Handlebar sustained injuries"

Scrapes on elbow and thigh.
I hurt my hand on my handlebar when I fell forward on my bike after being pushed onto the sidewalk.
None
"Bruised butt, hurt back."
None - just shooken up
"- 3 broken ribs near spine (T1 on both sides, and T2 on right) - Right shoulder not broken or dislocated, but feels badly sprained, hopefully not torn (seeing ortho in 2 days); - Concussion; - Sprained left foot; - glad it wasn't worse"

"Minor injuries on hands, elbows, and legs. Majority of impact taken on right leg in form of bruises, scratches, and swelling as well as on back wheel of bike."
"Concussion Wound on forehead that required 12 sutures Fractured toe Bruising and scrapes on both legs, hands, arms, chest"
"Damage to hip tissue, broken thumb. Many cuts and bruises"

I was shaken up but no serious injuries
none
I shattered my elbow
Strained calf
Left shoulder bruised and scratched. Left side of the face bruised. Left knee banged up and bleeding.
Taking my son to the doctor today.
Burst fracture of T12 vertebra. Fracture of L1 vertebra. Broken ribs. Bruised lung. Fractured hand. Concussion. Massive hemorrhoid. Multiple bruises and abrasions on face and body.
brused wrist bruising along left side and hip
My wife sustained a fractured elbow and we incurred about $5000.00 in out of pocket costs for emergency room and ambulance services.
"Bruised knees, legs and hands. Sore collar bone. Whiplash. Nothing broken."
"Broken rib, contusions to my elbow, feet and side, all on the left hand side of my body."
none
Bike was totaled
"Superficial scrapes on right and left hands, scrapes on my right knee and left shin. Bruising on hands and knees/shins as well. I have a feeling more will surface tomorrow. Regarding the questions below, I did contact her insurance and filed a report for damages. I need to replace the rear wheel (cracked at the seam), saddle, and grips."
"Badly bruised and swollen knee, cuts and bruises on the hip, and a busted lip."
My helmet was broken and I suffered a mild concussion and scrapped up knee and elbow.
"abrasions, bruises all over body. twisted ankle and wrist. pain in shoulder/neck."
"My foot was scraped and had soft tissue damage and a potential stress fracture (I'm still in the process of figuring out if there's a stress fracture). I also had scrapes on my lower leg, but no permanent damage beyond scars. My legs were very bruised."
"Shoulder, ribs and left hand"

Lacerations on left hand that need 12+ stitches including bruising
"Fractured knee, likely requires surgery and longterm care"
compound fracture of tibia and fibula; compression fracture of T12 vertebra; concussion.
none
"A gash the size of a bullet wound in my chest which required several stitches, with associated bruising and aches which lasted at least a week; the anxiety of a chest wound about a month before my wedding; the aggravation of having a driver abandon an accident scene and then lie to her insurance company, claiming that I appeared uninjured, and apparently declaring that I was in some way at fault; minor damage to my bike. I state below that I have not yet retained an attorney. However, I have consulted with an acquaintance who is a lawyer, and I just earned my JD this June. I passed the Maryland Bar exam and await certification."
"Damage to the bike (seat, shifters, hoods, handle bars), damage to helmet, bruises, strained neck, damaged shoes and shirt, cuts and road rash on right arm and back, gashes on left hand."
None.
None.
"Numerous bruises on my legs, shoulder and neck, and a 5-6"" gash across my right shoulder (from the corner of the door)"
Sprained wrist. Minor bruises and scrapes on legs.
"sprained wrist, scraped knee and shoulder"
none
"Strained shoulder and hip, stitches to the chin, various cuts and bruises"
None
Severe tendonitis to right forearm. Rendered it useless for a month.
"Concussion, fractured wrist, cervical sprain, and cuts/road rash on my arms and face."
"I have multiple bruises, left knee, hip, elbow and shoulder as well as a cut/bruising on my pinky and ring fingers (was wearing a ring) on my right hand. My right shoulder is also bruised. My neck is stiff but no sharp or tenderness other than muscle tension. I didn't hit my head nor blacked out."
Very significant contusions on my glutes. I was prescribed a number of pain medications at the ER for this. I am also experiencing lower back pain and have scheduled an appointment with a back and spine doctor to check whether there are any more serious injuries. I have not yet made any claim against the driver's insurance as I am still waiting to receive the police report.
back/neck/hip injuries
Heavy bruising on legs and lower back.
none
"Abrasions and bruising on left and right shoulders, elbows, hips and knees. Possible aggravation of previous right shoulder injury. Possible musculoskelatal injury of right hip. Hip and shoulder are under ongoing medical evaluation."
"I denied treatment to go to the hospital, but was still ""banged up"" and needed 4 days to feel somewhat better. I had a slight concussion (evidenced by a headache all the following day), whiplash in my right side of neck, bruises on both hips and right ankle, and pain in my left knee. I'm going to an orthopedist to follow up on the continued knee and neck pain."
None
Someone suffered injuries. Possibly killed.
Bruises and scrapes. Concussion.
Two large bruises on my right thigh. One medium bruise on my right hip. Sore right upper arm.
Road burn and bruising on my left hip and left elbow. Very sore ribs and tail bone - but according to xrays nothing broken! Generally sore all over
Complex comminuted fracture of the right tibia and fibula. Multiple lacerations and fractures along the right body.

None
"Minor abrasion on my right hip, muscle strain in my right shoulder and right upper arm."
None.
I bruised my right arm.
None
"4 fractured ribs, grade one ankle sprain (left), whiplash, had both apical pneumothorax and fluid buildup in my side. Resulted in 3 hospital admissions."
"Laceration on left hand, multiple abrasions on right leg."
None
Bruised pinky
Not terrible injuries - just road rash on elbow and knee.
"Bruising on my left side, puncture in my left cheek, slight concussion, small scrapes etc."
"I broke my right collarbone in 5 places, bruises on legs. road rash on my right elbow, requiring over 10 stitches."
"Neck spasms, minor bruises and scrapes."
"Cuts on shoulder and elbow. Sore shoulder, elbow and knee. Expect I will develop bruises. All on left side of body."
"Bruised and scraped left knee, left hip, left elbow. Sore neck developed the following day."
"I had a bruised hip, thigh, and shoulder as well as road rash on my calf and side, my jersey and gloves prevented it from being worse. My helmet was cracked in multiple places on the right side from hitting the railing and sliding on the ground on my right side."
Fracture: Clavicle (left side) Contusion and Abrasion: Lower extremity
Not injured as far as I can tell.
I hit my rump (excuse my language) really hard upon hitting the floor and then scraped my arm. My butt took the brunt of impact and has since been hurting quite a lot; it's painful to walk or bend over. My arms also suffered some road rash.

"I hit my chin on the hood of the car, and bruised it."
Bruised/bloody left knee. Bruised right ankle and right inner knee.
Abrasions to the right knee. Right knee and arm. Contusions on the left hip.
My right shoulder is bruised where the kid on the bike hit me twice with is fist.
"bruised right leg, bruised left hip/posterior, bruised right shoulder and chest"
No permanent injury.
"I think none, but I'm not sure yet if there are soft tissue/whiplash injuries."
None
"Fractured left shoulder socket bone, bruised left elbow, severe lacerations and abrasions and skin loss to area at, below and above left elbow Heavy abrasions to left knee cap. Impact bruising to right hand palm below thumb. Bruising to left upper thigh. No known head injuries (wearing helmet). Wore cycling gloves, too. I was taken via ambulance to INOVA Alexandria emergency room. Attending physician as I recall is Dr. Ann Marie Fuentes."
"After staying at the scene of the accident for about 20 minutes, I got on the bike and went the short trip to my office just over the key bridge. That's when I realized my left hand hurt too much to hold the handle bars. At work, I called a cab and took myself to the ER. They x-rayed my hand and saw no broken bones, but a sprained finger. They bandaged the cut on my right elbow and noted swelling there. They did a cursory exam of my neck and spine, but didn't check me out further. In all injuries sustained include: - Sprained middle finger on left hand - Weak, painful left wrist - Cut on middle finger of left hand - Cut on right wrist - Big scrape on right elbow with bruising and swelling - Big bruise on right thigh and soreness - Two scrapes on right knee and swelling - Pain on left ankle - Bruised and painful left ear - Tenderness and pain on middle back - Some pain breathing on my left side -"
Superficial scrapes on my right shin. Bruises on my right forearm. Nothing serious.
The right side of my body is severely bruised with some lacerations. I have filed a claim with the driver's insurance company and am waiting to hear about compensation for incurred medical expenses.
None
"Shoulder and neck soreness, small cut on elbow."
"Scrapes to the head, face, hand, knee, and shoulder. Bruised knee. Possible mild concussion."
none - just scared about what might have happened.
Head laceration resulting in 4 staples + fractured clavicle bone
"AC shoulder separation, hip bruise, lacerations on both hands, elbows, leg."
Left rib and left hip contusion and right ankle contusion.

"Bruises on the left side of my rib-cage, left shoulder, and left knee. I felt immediate neck and back pain as well, and immediately went to my chiropractor."
Bruising
"Concussion with bleeding in my front left brain lobe. Scrapes and bruises on my left shoulder, hip and ankle."
Broken left wrist. A few abrasions.
Two deep lacerations on my knee. Required 60 stitches to close.
Bruised shoulder
"Bruises on elbow and thigh/buttocks. Cuts/abrasions on thigh, buttocks, and right hand."
Described above
None
"Broken nose, chipped bone in chin, and concussion"
"Road burn to left shoulder and right knee. Bruises and soreness to left shoulder, right knee, elbow and wrist."
None
None
n/a
Cut and bruised neck
"I sustained substantial lacerations to my right ankle, knee, hip (which is also very bruised and swollen) and elbow. None of the wounds appeared as thought they would require stitches and I have not yet been examined by a physician."
"I had to be taken to the ER for X-Rays and a cat scan of both knees and my jaw, which were both damaged and almost (but luckily not) broken. I have extensive road rash and deep bruising all up the left side of my body, on my jaw, and around both of my knees, which are in braces. I pulled a muscle in my left shoulder. The believes I tore a ligament in my right knee based on the extensive damage and continued swelling, but has asked me to wait until the bruising has healed before coming back for an MRI. I was also treated for a very minor concussion, but I was wearing a helmet and did not display signs of neurological damage."
"Scraped right shin, scraped and bruised left knee, bruised left palm, scratched right palm."
minor hand abrasions
"Minor bruising on hips, knees, and elbows. Significant bruising on right upper arm, enough so that I had an XRay taken for possible hairline fracture (no fracture was found)."
"Possible broken bone - X-ray's taken at Howard University (X-ray's negative) Laceration on right forearm, stitches needed."
None.
"I was thoroughly checked out at Georgetown University Hospital, including X-rays, and I was told I fractured the 7th rib on my right side, which will take several months to heal completely. It hurts to breathe deeply or laugh. I also have road rash on my right forearm, shoulder, and hip. My left knee also took impact and hurts when I'm walking. The doctor prescribed me Oxycodon, a muscle relaxer, and high strength Ibuprofen."
"I broke numerous vertebrae from C1 to T7. The most serious damage was to C4 and C5, which were fractured in several places and significantly compressed. I had an emergency surgery to stabilize and fuse C3-C5 (posterior cervical laminectomy), and had a bone graft taken from my right hip inserted via the front of my throat to replace a piece of C4 that had to be removed (anterior cervical corpectomy). The spinal fractures caused bruising to my spinal cord & nerves, which resulted in severe neuropathic pain and diminished function in my arms, especially the left. I also sustained numerous scratches, bruises and road rash on my arms and legs."
I was a witness and fellow cyclist. The injured party fell and severely bruised her knee. She complained of back pain after the crash.
Bruises and road rash
Soreness in elbow and leg
"None, but every time I ride now I think about this and it bothers me. And it bothers me that this guy has been emboldened by the lack of a timely response."
None
Broke Jaw in 2 places. Lost 3 teeth (possibly more will need extraction after jaw heals).
Back Left hip Left knee Wrists Lower right leg
cuts on my right shin.
Fractured Left Index finger
My right hand is swollen and bruised (but no broken bones!) and I have a few scrapes and bruises on my left arm and leg.

"Minor injuries to my knee, no broken bones."
"Broken left arm, broken rib and some road rash. Thankfully the bike seems to be ok, likely because I cushioned the fall for it. I'm not even 100% sure this incident is the kind of info you are looking for, but I thought I may as well add to the data in case there is a trend of accidents there."
"Scaped up arm, skinned knee."
"I had bruises and scrapes, and after a few days muscle stiffness and whiplash etc, but nothing major (no broken bones, my bike seems fine etc)"
None (bruising)
concussion and serious shoulder arm/muscle strain (xray and cat scan were performed).
None
Spinal trauma/dislodgement
"Large scale bruising/contusions to right shoulder and upper arm and leg from impact with door and bike during crash. Was seen at GW ER the following morning and given ice and ibuprofen. The swelling and bruising lasted for about 3 weeks, and now I have mostly scar tissue that i am trying to reduce through massage and heat therapy."
"Broken right arm, genl aches. Bike totaled."
None
"Right elbow scraped, right thigh scraped, hurt wrist, hurt neck, hurt back."
broken left collarbone. broken rib. cuts and scrapes and bruises.
"Dislocated shoulder, several wounds to the face that required stitches, a gash in the side of the head that required several staples."
Broken leg
My knees and my right hand have abrasions and bruising. I have some back pain.
None
none
"None, but a mark was left on my jacket (noted by officer at the time)"
"Bruises, minor scrapes, whiplash."
"Whiplash in neck. Bruised legs and shoulder, slight road rash on butt/hip."
"She had abrasions on her leg and arm (we are unsure if the wheel, or the left front bumper of the car came in contact with her)"
"Laceration on left knee, laceration on right calf area. x-rays show possible fractured rib"
Injured shoulder and thighs.
Skinned knee and ripped pants - the pedestrian just looked shaken up
Light scrapes and bruising on my elbow and knees.
None. The other cyclist fell from her bike and likely had minor bruises and cuts.
Significant bruising near tailbone (left side) due to contact on fall and on left hand due to impact.
"Bruise to right thigh where I think my handlebar hit me. No major injury, just general soreness from impact."
Broken hip and collar bone.
"- 3-inch abrasion on left elbow, along with some bruising - bruise on left hip - minor abrasion on left hand - swelling and 6-inch by 3-inch bruise on right shin - soreness in left arm, back, and neck"
"Bruising and abrasions along my legs, bruises on my arm and face. Trouble walking in the days after the crash."
Scrapes and bruises
see above.
We have had two if not three flats from this glass.
multiple contusions to hand and shoulder. Traveled to emergency room after accident and was informed that no bones were broken.
"bruises and some scrapes; mainly to left side, including hip, shoulder, hand"
Broken bone in right hand; bruised/strained left shoulder; cuts on left hand and elbow.
"Knocked the wind out of myself, soft tissue bruising to left chest."
"Abrasions on my left forearm, elbow, and wrist. Abrasions on both palms. Bruised left knee. Bruised ball of left foot."
None
None - other than emotional distress
concussion scraped knee sprained wrist below I entered the age and gender of the bicyclist I filled out this form for her she is healing from the concussion
"I sustained only minor skin bruises, and a sore left arm."
"Road rash and bruises to left side. Cuts on right hand. Stiff neck, shoulder, back, and left hip. I was transported to the hospital, but X-rays were negative."
"Minor scrapes to my left knuckles, right elbow and both knees."
None--because I jammed on my brakes and slowed from 15mph to about 5 mph
Slight bump to left leg.
None
"Wrist injury. Went to E.R. Was given X-Rays and a brace. Have to see specialist in two weeks. Banged up knee, hip, and back (bruising but nothing more severe)."
None
"I observed the crash, and left the scene after leaving my phone number with both the biker and the car driver. Not sure what happened after I left. I don't think police were called. The biker appeared to have bruised his leg slightly, but wasn't in great pain at that point."
2 deep cuts on my left calf where my chain ring went into my calf when the door hit me/my bike and a sore right shoulder from being pushed into the parked van on the other side of the bike lane when the taxi door swung open.

"fractured elbow, face and hand road rash Questions below should include intent. I intend to get a lawyer, i don't know about compenstation but will pursue, etc"
minor bruises and abrasions
None. My leg happened to be up on that side and did not hurt me thankfully.
"Other than a few bruises, I was not injured."
Sprained right shoulder. Sprained right thumb. Minor cuts/scrapes on right elbow and right shin area.
"bruised ribs and muscles in right abdomen (X-Rays were taken and no broken bones), possible strained ligament scratched/scarred left knee anxiety/PTSD headaches"
none
Whiplash (minor back pain for approx. 10 days)
None
None
Sore shoulder
sore knee
None.
None
I have some bruises and scrapes on my right arm and my left knee is is scraped.
None
"Concussion (loss of consciousness), minor scraps/bruising"
cut ankle scraped knee scraped elbow scraped hip scraped shoulder
"Bruises, but nothing more serious."

"My left knee, hip and shoulder are strained. I have bruising on my knee and more bruising is likely to appear on my hip. My right arm is also bruised because I used it to brace my fall."
"left leg and foot injuries. No broken bones but extensive swelling, bruising, and soreness. Currently obtaining medical treatment."

"Will get a bruise on my left palm, which I guess broke the fall. Back pain and neck pain (probably from twisting to avoid slamming my head)"
TEST
Minor scrapes and bruises on my arms and legs.
Bruising and abrasions on my right knee.
My wrists were both sore and I had bruised/skinned/swollen knees.
laceration to the back of my left hand requiring 6 stitches and a possible partial thickness cut vertically oriented along the tendon
A bruised on my left foot and a swollen right thumb. My right shoulder and upper back is sore and a little swollen from where the van impacted me. My neck is also sore. Some other general aches.
"My body sustained a number of scrapes and wounds, but the most painful area was my right shoulder. At the ER, I got about 8 X-rays and a CT scan of my head. The ER said that I had no broken bones or internal head injury, though they thought I had a mild concussion. I went to see an orthopedist, who was concerned that I may have a torn rotator cuff in my shoulder, which would then require surgery. He prescribed an MRI of the right shoulder. After a follow-up visit to the orthopedist, the doctor noted that the MRI did not show evidence of a torn rotator cuff, so no surgery would be needed. Instead, I have a shoulder separation, or, in more technical terms, a Type 2-3 acromioclavicular (AC) separation, which means the ligaments in my AC joint were torn. It has been two weeks since the accident. The shoulder seems to be getting better slowly, but it still hurts and I cannot lift heavy objects without feeling pain. The orthopedist prescribed four weeks of physical therapy (PT), which I will start this coming week."
Fracture to wrist and leer arm. Separate fracture to upper arm/shoulder . Surgery at Sibley.
Soreness and bruising on my left arm.
None
"Scraped elbow, and shaken up, but otherwise nothing. Very lucky."
I broke off three of my front teeth and bit into my lip during the crash so I got stitches in my lip. I have neck pain and a bruised left leg but no broken bones.
Cuts to my legs. Bruises to left shoulder and elbow. Scrapes to both hands. Damage to bike.
Road rash and bruises
none
"Broken vertebrae, multiple lacerations from head to toe, surgery forthcoming to my right hand."
None

Soreness the next day
I am scheduling an emergency visit with my physical therapist ASAP so he can evaluate my physical condition.
"Significant bruising on legs, some minor cuts/scrapes to hands, soreness/stiffness from the impacts"
"Broken clavicle, multiple bruises and abrasions"
none
None.
"None, but this is disturbing. Congestion around the White House has been increased by Secret Service irregular closures of the La Fayette Square to pedestrian and bicycle traffic. Now they apparently think they can just take the Mount Vernon Bicycle path in whole at any time."
none
"Broken foot, broken ankle, broken wrist, broken nose. Laceration on nose requiring stitches, and several other cuts and bruises."
Inflammation right shoulder rotator cuff and chest - costocondritis. Sprained left ankle.
"Lacerated lip (5 stitches), chipped tooth, headaches, neck pain."
Scraped skin off right hand. Bruised left hand
Fractured left ankle/ leg and fractured right hand/wrist
bruising throughout left arm. no serious injury
"I will fill this out later, still doing follow- ups. Among other injuries, surgery is required to repair wrist fracture."

"None, just large and painful bruises"
"Laceration of skin on left knee, and a mild ""rug burn"" type injury on my shoulder where I either hit part of the car or ground. I cannot say for sure."
"No injuries yet, but I am concerned this could grow into something worse."
"I went to the hospital because I could not move my arm freely without feeling a significant amount of pain in my shoulder--I got some X-rays done, however, and they showed that I did not sustain any fractures or broken bones."
"Visible bruising on left and right thighs, bruising on left shin, scrape on left thigh, bruises and scrape on right elbow, minor aches felt in shoulders"
"Back, hip, and neck pain, that may take some time to return to work from, as my work as an RN is physically demanding."
4 staples to my head scratches on my face pain in lower back
"Broken fibula and many scrapes, cuts, burns, and bruises."
"I suffered a pretty bad concussion which lasted about 4 weeks. During that time I wasn't able to work (I took vacation and sick leave). Also I had to spend about $1,000 fixing my bike."
none
"Badly scrapped/road rash on my right side, knee, hip and arm. Sore shoulder and neck."
"road rash on right hip, side, bruising on right elbow, bruise on inside left knee, right foot pain"

"Black 5"" deep tissue bruise. Scrapes and other contusions."
"Five ribs (3 broken; 2 fractured) and collarbone on one side of my body were broken resulting in a collapsed lung, also had concussion."
"None so far, this is 3 hours after."
"Nothing major. My wrist is still sore, and I am bloody on the inside of my left ankle and my left palm. My shoulder is not sore but hit the ground in the fall."
abrasions on knees and elbows. contusion on stomach from handle bars. sore neck.
"I have minor abrasions on my right elbow and left knee. Left knee has some swelling, started several hours after incident."
"I did something to my knee, I don't know what's wrong with it yet, but I can only move my legs a couple ways when it doesn't hurt."
"Have not yet seen a doctor - pain in left elbow, left shoulder, collarbone, neck, right hand"

"Minor scratches on bruising on my right leg, right arm, and forehead."
Bruising on and around left knee. Small scrape to left kneecap.
"Large contusion to the left leg where the bumper struck - it was so severe a break was suspected. It kept me off my feet for several days, on crutches for several weeks, and required physical therapy to regain full movement and strength in ankle."
Cuts and bruises. Sore body and neck today. Extremely lucky. Bike at shop getting assessment.
Separated AC joint (shoulder)
"I have bruises and scrapes on my face, knees, calf, and shoulder. I may have sustained a mild concussion, but it has not been diagnosed. It is difficult to walk due to the injury to my knees, and my left knee in particular."
"Yes, hit head (but was wearing helmet) scraped hands and shoulder, swollen knee. Could not walk for two days."
"Minor bruising, road rash."
none
"Sore and strained neck. Bloody, cut, and very swollen left knee."
none

Minor cuts from broken glass
None
Scraped knee. Not sure if i damaged knee more since it just happened and im still shocked.
"Deep scrapes on both knees and both elbows Minor scrapes on both palms, both wrists, both forearms, left ankle, right foot, and back"
"My wrist feels potentially sprained, if only mildly. My ankle and elbow are scraped up, but not badly."
"I sustained major bruising and significant abrasions to both knees, sprained ligaments in both knees, major bruising and significant abrasions to both legs (above and below the knee), major bruising and significant abrasions to both feet, a torn toenail, a cut and bruising to my left elbow, bruising on my left thumb and wrist, a cut on my right wrist, trauma to my left shoulder resulting in stiffness and reduced movement, and body aches in my shoulders, ribs, torso, hips, and back. I received x-rays and a concussion evaluation, but did not sustain any breaks, fractures, or concussions."
Scrapes on my hands and road rash on my shoulder and hip. Sprained shoulder
A number of scrapes and bruises. Possible ligament tear in my left elbow.
I have abrasion on my left foot and mild bruise on my right shoulder. No damages to the bike and the opponent's car.
Scrapes and open wounds on legs and knees. Wrist injured.

None.
"Scrapes, bruises, and cuts."
"I sustained cuts and bruises to my right hand (2nd, 3rd, and 4th knuckles)."
Sprained both wrists.
"I had a scrape on my left elbow (about the size of a quarter) and three small scrapes (less-than-half-inch cuts) on my left ring finger, left index finger, and right index finger. All three injuries caused bleeding. I also sustained some small bruises to two fingers."
Lumbar contusion
"just sore, possible bruised/broken rib"
Bruising
"concussion, torn meniscus, scrapes, bruises"
None
"Cyclist broke almost all ribs, has a lacerated liver, and had to have her spleen removed. May have spinal injuries. Injuries are still being assessed."
"Concussion, scrapes,"
Just some light scratches on my arm and a little bit of broken skin on my knuckles. Everything else is ok.
"Third degree separation of the right ac joint. Bruised hip, scrapped knee. (No biking or rock climbing for the foreseeable future...bummer)"
whiplash
"Concussion, broken ribs, road rash on legs, arms, hands."
"Sprained wrist, bruises on my right side. Nothing serious, but if I'd been going faster, it could have been bad. I've texted 311, but please ask them to remove it! It's a busy lane."
Some scrapes on my elbow. Truly nothing major.
none
none
"During the crash, I broke my right clavicle and had to have surgery to reduce the fracture."
"Injured tail bone, possible whiplash."
None
"Bruised legs, scraped hands."
Broken Right Clavicle Several Bruises Several Scrapes (Road Rash)
Hit on right elbow and right knee. Unsure if injured.
"Broken arm, separated shoulder, ligament damage to wrist, cuts and bruises to knees and hands"
"Scrapes and bruises to legs, elbow and forehead (from helmet impact). Stiff and painful neck and upper back."
"Elbows bruised and scraped, bruise on right calf. Left knee injury (still going to doctor to figure out what might be wrong with it). Pretty upset with medic response though, fire department arrived first, quite quickly which was great, when I asked if they could clean off the blood, they said they had no equipment (saline nor gauze or cloth wipes). They handed me an alcohol wipe and said I'd need to clean it up at home. They also never checked my eyes for dilation/concussion, though I had hit my head slightly. These seem to be standard procedures they should always conduct - at the time I didn't press them because I felt okay and I just wasn't sure what to ask them to do. Looking back I wish I would have asked them to just check."
"Multiple cuts, scrapes and bruises, including one on my left bicep where the object hit me (it is almost completely purple). There is also a large amount of swelling to my right quad and thigh area, where it appears took the brunt of the fall."
"Momentum flung me forward and my crotch landed on the top tube/stem, and I don't want to get too graphic but there was bruising and a big of tearing which bled but healed in a couple of days."
See above. Scrapes and bruises. Worst on collarbone.
"Road rash right elbow, right knee calf and ankle. Bruise on right palm sore right wrist"
None- just shaken up
Injuries my jaw is now wired shut Ihave 3+ compession fractures in my spine I have two metal plates and screws in my face I had to have surgery to put my check bones back in place otherwise it was dangerous to my eye I have bumps and bruies mostly down my right side and big scrape on left knee I am expecting 6-10 weeks of recovery missed my Son's 3rd birthday because I was in the hospital
AC Joint separation from landing on my shoulder after the door was opened into the bicycle lane. I've been going to PT twice a week to rehab the injury but it still might require surgery. I am scheduling an appointment with a Podiatrist to evaluate my foot.
"Many deep bruises to bones and muscles, but nothing broken as far as doctors could tell. This just happened yesterday."
"Abrasion, bruises small cuts"
Fractured left wrist. Separated right shoulder (AC separation Type I)
None
"Heavy bruising on left side - hand, elbow, hip/thigh, knee and ankle."
"Hurt my back, bruised, sore. Went to the ER, nothing broken."
None
"I was initially diagnosed by the emergency room doctor with a closed head injury since my head hadn't split open upon impact -- though my primary care physician has changed my diagnosis to a concussion. Other than my head, my right wrist is sprained pretty badly (I recall putting my hand out to break my fall during my tumble), I have a small gash on my side from landing on my handlebars, and my lower back is pretty bruised up. I am also having pain in my neck, and difficulty walking due to injured hips."

"The husband suffered serious neck injuries including fractures and a bruised spinal cord, ultimately underwent two neck surgeries, and presently is in rehab. His wife suffered orthopedic injuries that are still being treated. Attorney: Richard Shapiro, 757-460-3025"
"Cuts on left hand, cut on back, bruising."
"Hip, wrist and shoulder bruised"
None
Fracture and compression of the right Tibial plateau; soft tissue damage; surgery on October 23rd.
"Scrapes to left hand, left elbow, and left hip. Scrape on my nose."
Bike was wrecked after being drug under the vehicle. I jumped off the bike and was nearly hit by the car.
"Concussion, road rash, bruises"
None
None
skull fracture two broken vertebrae broken collar bone cuts and abrasions
Moderate/severe lower back injury (although nothing diagnosable) that put me out of commission and made life quite uncomfortable for about a month.
Significant injuries to right foot and ankle.
I got multiple lacerations on the knee and fractured by patella (knee cap). I was admitted to the ER right after the accident and underwent surgery to clean the wound and prevent joint infection.
none
NONE
N/A
"No physical injuries, luckily. The man appeared to want to pull me off my bike and kept grabbing my hand but luckily I kept myself and the heavy ofo bike balanced. I was very, very emotionally shaken up and terrified though."
Abrasion on left knee Abrasion on chin Bruise and soreness on left wrist Hairline fracture to left radius underneath elbow
"Lacerations to left side -- left hand, left elbow, left shin, bleeding contusion on left knee."

"the ambulance took me to GW hospital I was put on IV I had road burn, bruises, pain in my right shoulder (still painful, got an X-ray), bump on the head, one deeper wound that may have got infected."
Deep bruising on left leg from knee down and upper right leg
"posterior dislocation of right shoulder, abrasions on left arm, abrasions on right leg"
Bruise to my upper right shin; bruise and muscle pain in my right foot. I had a doctor examine my leg and foot; the doctor ordered an x-ray. The radiologist determined that I had not suffered any fractures.
Nothing very severe: -Significant bruise/scrape on right shin -Bruised left hip -Bruised left shoulder -Bruised left cheek -Few scrapes on both palms
bruise on left arm
"abrasions, cuts, bruises, sore hands and back"
Bruises and scrapes on my left side.
Bruise on my inner thigh/groin. Nothing serious!
Flew off of my bike and landed on the asphalt on my left elbow.
None
"I was not injured, but crash crushed my rear wheel"
"Multiple contusions, abrasions, bruising, and left lower extremity edema."
"Broken left upper arm, bruising and deep cuts on left elbow, bruising on left hip"
"Reinjuured my wrist, which was previously strained from a bike crash three weeks ago. My left knee is banged up."
"Gnarly bruise on outside of left knee, assorted other bruises on left hip, elbow, break-fingers of left hand."
"Left knee contusion, bloody scrape, kneee very swollen, Right knee contusion, scrape, not bloody, slightly swollen. Right shoulder contusion where shoulder hit the pavement. Left pinkie fracture? It is swollen, can't bend at last joint. Right back contusion, where back hit pavement."
"I had some scrapes on my leg, bruising on my arm. My left ankle was lightly sprained and swelled, as well as my right wrist."
None other than bruising.

"Right Knee mild abrasion, Left palm mild abrasion and Left cornea scratch - very painful. I was initially treated for the abrasions with cleansing and antibacterial, followed up with a tetanus injection. The left eye began to tear profusely including into the left nostril though the duct. Then the pain in the eye became almost unbearable at 7 out of 10 level. That pain lasted all day and I was not able to go to work. I am seeking compensation."
"Road rash, body aches, mild headache"
"Head trauma and road rash on right elbow/arm. My front neck muscles, stomach muscles, and groin muscles were sore for a week due to being pulled when I was thrown backward."
Face abrasions and bruising. Abrasions to arms and hands. Abrasions to legs.
None. I was lucky to notice the car when I looked in my blind spot as I was about to swerve to avoid a pothole. I was forced to hit the hole because the car was so close to me.
"I had a significant blow to the chest that knocked the wind out of me. I have bruising and cuts over my body, but no broken ribs."
"I was wearing a helmet, but still suffered a brain contusion. Multiple cuts and abrasions on body - right knee, both shoulders, both sets of knuckles, right palm, and many cuts along head. Received approx. 8 stitches near left eye and 1 on chin. No broken bones, nor any bleeding in brain. I was taken to Howard U by the ambulance - Ambulance #9. They performed a CT scan upon arrival, and one again 12 hours later. After the 2nd proved negative, I was discharged. Spent about 30 hours in hospital in total."
"Several cuts, bruises, and road rash on the side of my body."
"Scrape to right elbow. Badly bruised left hip, and right knee. Scrape to back of leg from bike pedal."
"Scrape and badly bruised knee, bursitis, bruised ribs and chest cage, sore hip, other bruises."
"Fractured nose, stitches in chin and lip, significant lacerations and abrasions to the face and head. Bruising to left knee, both shins, and both arms."
None
injured my right arm and some more bruisses

"Some scratches and my ankle seems sore. Bike helmet is scratched, but no concussion symptoms."
Concussion and bruising and muscle injuries on the left side.
Pain/soreness in right knee large scrape/Pain/soreness in elbow knee and all the way down along left calf to ankle. small scrape on left elbow
"I have bruising on my left shoulder, red marks, and stiff muscles in my shoulder, neck, and back on the left side"
"Abrasion on right forearm, arm contusion on right bicep, knee contusion on right patella."
"Broken 3rd and 4th metacarpal on right hand, cracked left rib and road rash on face. My helmet and glasses absorbed most of the initial impact"
none
"I got knocked off my bike and flipped onto my back breaking my scapula, 10 ribs and punctured my lung (all on my left side of my body). I was transported to Mount Vernon Hospital and then Inova Fairfax trauma center because of my extensive injuries."
NA
Lip split open from inside out. Severely strained cervical muscles Severely strained lumbar region cuts and bruises all over my legs Healing very well and in Physical Therapy now.
I was bruised up.
"Impact was on the right side of my body, resulting in hip, leg and elbow pain (bleeding from right elbow and shin of right leg)."

"Lacerations and abrasions on all four limbs, four fingers, left wrist, both sides of my lower torso, a ""busted"" lip and two chipped teeth, one of which broke off in my mouth. Both hands lost skin, right palm is worse off. Hearing, Eyesight, and cognitive abnormalities."
none
"Bruises and abrasions on right shoulder, abdomen, right and left thighs, right knee, and right ankle. Head trauma resulting in brief unconsciousness (30 seconds or so, I'm told) and subsequent headaches."
"Abrasions to my hands, knees, and ankles. I have deep cuts on my lower left back, going down to the muscle, they were unable to stitch these because all the tissue was removed. My toe was broken as well."
"Fractured Ankle, cuts & bruises, road burn on arms and legs"
"Left hand deep abrasion, right ankle sprained and swollen, few scratches in left leg, and bruises in left leg and right arm."
"Scrapes and bruising, but no major injuries."
Knee and shoulder injury.
"Minor physical injuries. Bruises in my shoulder, chest and elbow and a few scratches on a few left hand fingers. My pants were torn from the crotch to my right knee."
"Sore elbow, shoulder, legs, and calf on left side of body. Headaches but presumably from a head cold that is also occurring."
Fractured left arm + minor cuts/bruises
Sore and right knee hurts. Have street burn on side.
None